---
layout: posts
title: Foreword
---
If you read blogs or read about blogs, you will find that most of the people
tell you to write regularly and that your articles should have a certain length
and so on and so forth.
<!--more-->
For a technical blog probably you should offer a lot of details so that it's 
easier to follow and understood by all the readers.

Well sorry to disappoint but this one is written more in the style of an answer
on [stackoverflow](https://stackoverflow.com) meaning that you come here with a 
certain knowledge level and take the opinion offered for granted and good.

Oh! And it's heavily **opinionated**. Although if you take a look in the dictionary:

    opinionated */əˈpɪnjəneɪtɪd/* - adjective
        characterized by conceited assertiveness and dogmatism.
        "an arrogant and opinionated man"
        synonyms:	dogmatic, of fixed views, of preconceived ideas, pontifical, 
        doctrinaire, dictatorial, domineering, assertive, cocksure, pompous, self-important, adamant, arrogant; More
        antonyms:	open-minded

So as you see, it does not sound very flattering. I won't include the definition
for this one or for other words for that matter. But hey, never say never.

I like to think that I'm somewhat flexible and open minded but I'm quite sure that
I'm not as much as I would like to be. That's the thing with human nature, when
we have a good opinion about us(humans) usually it's a better opinion than
reality and when we have a bad one it's usually a lot worse than the reality.
But let's not argue with statistics and philosophy.

Back to the subject at hand. This blog will try to provide short and to the point
"recipes" for certain small issues that an junior/intermediate developer might
encounter in his career.

Take heed that this will be focused mainly(99% and up) on problems or hopefully
solutions that a developer that builds web applications for a living, will encounter.

As a good man once said: **Don't believe a word I say.** Or in this case, I write.

Note to self: This might be the longest post I write ever, or at least for a long while.

**PS:** Mind the spelling and phrasing errors.